MAINT: Data Prepper opensearch source metrics (#6392)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/opensearch.md

`sts_role_arn` | No | String  | The AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) role to assume for requests to Amazon OpenSearch Service and Amazon OpenSearch Serverless. Default is `null`, which will use the [standard SDK behavior for credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials.html).
`serverless` | No | Boolean | Should be set to `true` when processing from an Amazon OpenSearch Serverless collection. Defaults to `false`.

## Metrics

> The `opensearch` source includes the following metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `opensearch` source includes the following metrics:
```

### Counters

- `documentsProcessed`: Measures the total number of documents processed by the `opensearch` source plugin.
- `indicesProcessed`: Measures the total number of indexes processed by the `opensearch` source plugin.
- `processingErrors`: Measures the total number of errors during index processing by the `opensearch` Source plugin.

> - `credentialsChanged`: Measures the number of times the `opensearch` source refreshes basic credentials (i.e. username/password).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `credentialsChanged`: Measures the number of times that the `opensearch` source refreshes basic credentials (username/password).
```

- `clientRefreshErrors`: Measures the number of errors encountered when generating a new client due to the `opensearch` source refreshing basic credentials.

### Timers

> - `indexProcessingTime`: Measures the latency of processing an index in seconds by the `opensearch` source plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `indexProcessingTime`: Measures the `opensearch` source plugin index processing latency, in seconds.
```

### Distribution summaries

> - `bytesReceived`: Measures the distribution of incoming document size in bytes received by the `opensearch` source plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `bytesReceived`: Measures the size distribution of incoming documents, in bytes, received by the `opensearch` source plugin.
```

> - `bytesProcessed`: Measures the distribution of incoming document size in bytes successfully processed by the `opensearch` source plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `bytesProcessed`: Measures the size distribution of incoming document, in bytes, successfully processed by the `opensearch` source plugin.
```

> - `bytesProcessed`: Measures the distribution of incoming document size in bytes successfully processed by the `opensearch` source plugin.

Reviewer 2: Confirm the technical accuracy of my change both here and on the preceding line.
